This release introduces the following:

- Lambda.Encryption package
  - Use the [Encrypted] attribute on option properties that should be decrypted on startup
  - By default, encrypted properties will be decrypted using KMS.
  - Use your own decryption service by injecting an IDecryptionService singleton into the IoC container at startup.
- NuGet Package Version Badges in the README! Easily check the latest version of each package right from the Lambdajection repository.
- Documentation comments have been added to public facing APIs. Use Omnisharp/Intellisense to take full advantage of this.
- Examples for adding/using AWS Client Factories and Encrypted Options have been added and linked to in the README.
- **Breaking Change**: Startup classes are now added to the service collection and use constructor DI to inject the IConfiguration object (this matches the approach that ASP.NET Core uses). The Configuration property on ILambdaStartup has been removed and is no longer set during lambda startup.
- **Breaking Change**: The LambdaHost constructor allowing a custom builder function/action has been marked as internal, as this was only intended for internal testing purposes.
- Tests are now organized into categories and can be filtered by these categories: Unit and Integration.
- A contributing guide has been added to the repository.

See the Encrypted Options example for usage of Lambda.Encryption:
https://github.com/cythral/lambdajection/tree/v0.3.0-beta2/examples/EncryptedOptions
