The following was introduced in this release:

- We now run end to end tests before each release. This takes the form of deploying our examples to an AWS account, invoking them and checking the output for correctness.
- Lambda service providers are now initialized at their declaration, rather than inside the LambdaHostBuilder.Build method. This leads to faster (albeit slight) startup times due to the fact that the field does not get initialized to null once then be reassigned later during runtime.
- The GenerateRuntimeConfigurationFiles property is now set for you via the package properties in Lambdajection.Generator.
- Documentation was added around using development builds.
- Better organization around tests was introduced.  Rather than having multiple test projects, we are now just using one and performing build tests using MSBuild Workspaces.
- If you attempt to inject an IAwsFactory without adding AWSSDK.SecurityToken as a dependency, you will now get a compile-time error.  A limitation of this, is that the Generator will only search your compilation and not external references.  If an injected class from a referenced assembly brings in an IAwsFactory, you will still receive a runtime error.

Also includes everything introduced in the three v0.3.0 previews:

- Inject AWS Service Clients and Client Factories
- Add options to your Lambda and automatically decrypt encrypted properties on startup
- Optionally use your own decryption service (default uses KMS)
- NuGet package XML documentation files
- Use dependency injection in your startup class
- Examples for AWS Service Client Factories and Encrypted Options
- Added a contributing guide

Release Notes for the previews:

https://github.com/cythral/lambdajection/releases/tag/v0.3.0-beta1
https://github.com/cythral/lambdajection/releases/tag/v0.3.0-beta2
https://github.com/cythral/lambdajection/releases/tag/v0.3.0-beta3
